libSU3
======

This is a library for calculating the Clebsch-Gordan coefficients and isoscalar
factors for tensor products of representations of SU(3).

This library is based on the following two papers, which outline an algorithm
for computing the isoscalar factors:

* H. Thomas Williams
  SU3 Isoscalar Factors
  J.Math.Phys. 37 (1996) 4187-4198
  arXiv:hep-th/9509167

* Thomas A. Kaeding, H. Thomas Williams
  Program for Generating Tables of SU(3) Coupling Coefficients
  Comput.Phys.Commun. 98 (1996) 398-414
  arXiv:nucl-th/9511025

The library functions similarly to the program associated with
Kaeding and Williams. However, this library is only based on
the above two papers, and not on the original program.

Note that we do not use the expression for the SU(2) Clebsch-Gordans
given in Kaeding and Williams. Instead, we use the expression given
in page 172 of:

* Arno Bohm
  Quantum Mechanics: Foundations and Applications, 3rd edition
  Springer-Verlag (1993)
  ISBN: 0-387-97944-1

Acknowledgements
----------------

This library was developed as an undergraduate research project at:

  Department of Applied Mathematics and Theoretical Physics (DAMTP),
  University of Cambridge,
  Centre for Mathematical Sciences,
  Wilberforce Road,
  Cambridge CB3 0WA,
  United Kingdom

I would like to thank the High-Energy Physics group at DAMTP, for their
hospitality during the development of this library. Particular thanks go to
Christopher Thomas, for suggesting this library as a project and for
providing guidance throughout its development.

The development of this library was funded by the following sources:
* Bridgwater Undergraduate Summer Research Programme,
  Faculty of Mathematics,
  University of Cambridge

* Corpus Christi College,
  Cambridge

Note
----

This code is licensed under the 3-clause BSD license and is distributed
as source. However, any executables using this library must also be linked
against GMP (use the linker options -lgmpxx -lgmp, in that order). This also
means that these executables must be distributed in accordance with the GNU
LGPL in addition to the terms of this library's license.

Further, if using the profiling version of this library (libSU3-prof.a),
you will probably want to also link against a profiling version of GMP
in order to get better results - most of the actual work is done inside GMP.
